Where am I?
A storage shed?
I was knocked out and kidnapped!
The villainess was never
kidnapped in the game...
Oh, you're awake?
Gill!
Let the child go...
if you don't want to die!
I can't use my magic!
This collar is suppressing it...
If I don't want to die... what, now?!
Alicia!
You'd better watch your mouth!
Alicia, run! This is the
north side of the schoo—
Shut up!
This trash won't get us any money.
Should we just kill him now?
Kill him, you say?
The real trash...
is you.
I'LL BECOME A VILLAINESS
WHO GOES DOWN IN HISTORY
THE VILLAINESS AND SLEEPING SIDE BY SIDE
Gill, we have to run!
Sorry... My leg's broken.
Y-You little...
Taken down by a brat whose magic
was sealed? You're pathetic.
Hold her down!
This may be the world of a game...
Little brat!
But what's happening right now is real!
Damn it!
I refuse to let Gill die.
So...
I can't die, either!
I'll kill you!
She didn't kill him...
Why, you—
Even in this situation, Alicia holds on
to reason and doesn't cross that line.
They're just cowards.
You're kidding me!
That's enough!
I'm being restrained... with magic?!
Alicia, dear! How could you
do something so awful?!
Stop it, Liz! That guy's the enemy here!
I saw Alicia attack him!
Die!
Stop!
There should be two others!
Don't let any of them escape!
Right!
Sorry I'm late.
Prince Duke, your arm!
It's fine.
They were about to kill Gill... and I...
You're going to be fine.
We'll treat you right away.
Henri...
Thank goodness.
Liz! Are you all right?!
Alicia! You're all beat up!
Brother Albert...
The guards took the kidnappers into custody.
Are you okay?
Albert!
Alicia tried to kill a man
who wasn't resisting!
What?!
They're the ones who
tried to kill her first!
Alicia was protecting me!
Even so, if you tried to
sincerely talk to them,
you wouldn't have had to resort to violence.
Would you not draw your sword if a member
of your family was about to be killed?
I wouldn't, no.
So you've forgotten your pride as a knight.
Why don't you understand?
Violence only breeds further hatred!
That's just lip service.
I was literally about to die!
But... you're not dead, are you?
What?
If you'd just had faith and waited
for me, I would've come to save you.
I had faith, after all...
in my bond with my friend.
What in the world is she talking about?
Is this what heroines are like?
And Duke came running to the
rescue because I had faith...
Ice?!
I didn't do it for you!
Don't be so full of yourself!
What's the matter, Duke?!
If Alicia hadn't fought back,
that boy would've been killed!
How could anyone ever call
someone like you a Saint?!
Listen to me! I—
Stop! Stop!
That's enough, both of you!
What comes first right
now is patching up Ali.
Thank you very muth.
Muth?
It must have broken when he hit me...
TOOTH
- No wonder I was having trouble speaking.
- What?
Oh, no! I'll take care of you right away!
No need.
I've already arranged for her treatment.
Duke, you misunderstand.
I would never think it didn't matter
if the two of them had died!
I know that.
You would never tolerate
someone else's death.
But would you mind looking the person
you're talking to in the eye?
If I ended up in that same situation
again, I'd draw my blade.
It's better than being killed.
That's reality.
But... But that's...
Let's stop this, Liz.
She just doesn't understand
what's really important yet.
Alicia will understand someday.
Everyone...
Are you all done talking?
Break it up, then.
Hey! Don't treat me like a child!
Quit flailing.
Does Duke have feelings for...
I think he sees her as a little sister.
I'm so glad.
I was worried about Alicia since she
seems to have trouble making friends.
But if Duke is also concerned
about her... I'm glad.
I can walk on my own!
Look at Gill.
You want to make him the servant
who lets only his master walk?
I'm hurt less seriously than he is!
You're just being overprotective,
Prince Duke!
You're free to act however you please.
But don't do things that endanger your life.
I mean that.
I felt like I'd died...
Does Prince Duke actually...
really... significantly...
like me?
But...
The prince ends up with the heroine.
So why is it playing out like this?
Oh, darn it! My heartbeat is too loud!
I don't know what's happening to me!
Why... do I feel so...
relieved... now...
Wh-What?!
I'LL BECOME A VILLAINESS
WHO GOES DOWN IN HISTORY
- I will protect Alicia!
I'LL BECOME A VILLAINESS
WHO GOES DOWN IN HISTORY
- Oh, yeah? Oh, yeah!
I'LL BECOME A VILLAINESS
WHO GOES DOWN IN HISTORY
What's going on?! Where am I?!
Why is this...
Take it easy, Alicia.
Just keep calm and think.
I can't keep calm at all!
This is your chance!
You can seduce the prince and
get ahead of the heroine,
and come up with the perfect fait accompli!
No, you mustn't!
Misconstruing the prince's consideration
is something a villainess with
integrity would never do!
That's such a naïve opinion!
Quiet, you!
I do want to be a villainess,
but that doesn't mean I want
to be an immoral woman!
But a "villainess with integrity"
doesn't make much sense, either!
I'll show you by force,
in true villainess style!
As a villainess, I'll accept
your challenge head-on!
No hiding!
Same goes for you!
- Decide already!
- Ow, ow, ow! It feels all prickly!
- Hot! Hot! Hot! That burns!
- Why won't you listen?!
Darn it! What am I supposed to do?!
F-For now, I should just withdraw
and regain my bearings.
The pendant.
It was stolen. I found it in one
of the kidnappers' pockets.
Oh... really?
Come here. I'll put it on you.
Okay...
This is so awkward...
Alicia...
It can't be...
Alicia! You awake?
Wait, what happened?
I-I was just surprised because
I didn't recognize this room!
Duke...
I'm not opposed to you having that
kind of relationship with my sister,
but did you get her consent?
I didn't touch her.
So... why aren't you wearing a shirt?
I was worried when you didn't wake up.
You were hurt much worse than I was.
Are you okay now?
Yeah, Henri healed me.
And you, and Duke's injury, too.
It seemed like Ali was the
most exhausted of us all.
I'm glad she woke up before
anything serious happened.
Um...
Oh, yeah. Here.
My tooth? I guess I dropped it.
Can it be fixed with magic?
Well, not easily, so... not to worry.
Do you mind if I keep it, then?
Huh?
I once heard that teeth carry memories.
I... don't want to forget
what happened today.
It was so frustrating.
I'm your pupil, but I couldn't
be of any use to you.
I'm the one they were after.
You just got caught up in it
and ended up a victim.
That doesn't make any difference.
I want to get stronger.
I want to get stronger so I can protect you!
All right. In that case, you can keep it.
Okay.
Gill's going to be a fine man one day.
Yeah.
So who was behind this whole incident?
It was a student at the academy.
Neil, of the Johnson family.
I haven't formally met him.
He's an ardent follower of Liz's.
At the tea party in the rose garden,
he was giving you incredibly angry looks.
Well, good for him. He managed
to trick Alicia Williams.
I won't let him get away
with this, of course.
Now, how shall I repay him?
Last time I saw him, he was
half-dead at Duke's hand...
The royal family has already
punished the Johnson household.
Huh?
It's forbidden to take the magic-sealing
collar from where it's stored.
On top of that, he brought in outsiders
to put another student's life in danger.
I... I see...
There's nothing left for me to do, then.
Even though I'm the villainess!
I suspect my father had
a part in this incident.
The king?!
You mean the king ordered it?
No, I don't think that's what happened.
It was probably a perfect training
opportunity for the Saint.
While I tracked down the mastermind
and forced him to talk,
an observer arranged by
my father told Liz where Alicia was.
I think he wanted Liz to resolve the matter
so that she could grow as the Saint.
What the heck?! Is the Saint
really that important?!
Yes, she is.
The Saint spoken of in legends
saves the kingdom, after all.
And I'm the perfect choice to
stand in her way as a test.
You sound awfully proud of that.
I'm sorry, Alicia.
It seems like my father has nothing
on his mind but the Saint of legend.
But as the prince, you're going to
end up marrying Liz Cather, right?
Alicia told me.
She said the Saint of legend marries
the prince for a happy ending.
You're destined to be with her, right?
Of course that's how it has to be.
Even if he really does
have feelings for me...
he's destined to be with the heroine.
And that's fine. What I'm after is...
Destiny, huh? Well...
I have no intention of
playing along with that.
I've already chosen my own destiny.
A happy ending is something you take
hold of for yourself, is it not?
I'm sorry for acting out of line!
I was suspicious of you.
I didn't get why you'd make passes at
Alicia when you're supposed to marry Liz.
Gill...
Have I won your favor now?
Yeah.
Um... I'm a commoner,
so I'll be punished for speaking rudely
to a member of the royal family, right?
Status doesn't mean anything.
You and I both just want to protect Alicia.
We feel the same, right?
Thank you for saving Alicia.
Of course.
What kind of face should I be
making as I listen to this?
In any case, I need to get stronger so
I don't get caught off-guard again.
Recent incidents, plus
the way people are acting
are deviating too much
from the game's story.
It's an unknown route...
but it's also my reality.
Not going well, huh?
I just can't make any
progress beyond level 80.
I must be in a slump.
Getting to level 80 at your
age is already incredible.
Grandpa Will said you shouldn't
rush things too much, anyway.
I know that.
But if I want to be a villainess,
I can't be satisfied with this.
Instead of a villainess, why not make
a name for yourself as the prince's wife?
That's what he wants, too.
No! There's nothing interesting about
being remembered as someone's wife!
I want to engrave my name in
history as my own person!
And to do that, what I should strive to be is
the villainess who stands in the Saint's way!
That's the only way to go!
I'm starting to feel sorry for the prince...
Miss Alicia.
The master wishes to see you.
What's this about?
I don't agree with this!
It's already been decided.
You will no longer act
as Liz Cather's watcher.
This is tyrannical!
Besides, wasn't being her watcher the special
condition that got me into the academy?
You'll be able to enroll normally
once you turn fifteen.
There's no need to go to
such trouble to get in now.
Your magic has already surpassed Albert's.
I accepted that role because I wanted to!
And you gave your approval,
yet now you're...
I wouldn't have approved if I had
known it would endanger your life!
I was a fool to think that
being the most hated student
would mean, at most, getting into
a few squabbles with other students.
You are exceptionally brilliant, but
you're still a thirteen-year-old girl.
Father is sincerely worried about me.
But...
I won't quit!
Please give me another chance!
No. I don't want to see you in danger again.
Why can't you understand that?
I acknowledge that I was
too slow to act this time,
but my magic puts me at the highest
level in the whole school.
So long as I remain alert...
Liz Cather is above
level 80 in all elements.
You are well above average, too,
but you can't compete with that.
I'll train even more!
Fine. Then I'll set some conditions.
If you can reach level 90, you
can continue to be her watcher.
But... you yourself told me that
that's not realistic at my age...
He thinks I'll give up.
But that won't happen.
Very well.
But please, make this the last time you
set conditions at the last minute.
Wha—
Are you sure about this?
Yes. I don't want anyone coming near me.
Whatever it takes, I will
reach level 90! Just watch!